Unions representing workers at Turner   Newall say they are 'disappointed' after talks with stricken parent firm Federal Mogul.
SPACE.com - TORONTO, Canada -- A second team of rocketeers competing for the   36;10 million Ansari X Prize, a contest for privately funded suborbital space flight, has officially announced the first launch date for its manned rocket.
A company founded by a chemistry researcher at the University of Louisville won a grant to develop a method of producing better peptides, which are short chains of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins.
It's barely dawn when Mike Fitzpatrick starts his shift with a blur of colorful maps, figures and endless charts, but already he knows what the day will bring. Lightning will strike in places he expects. Winds will pick up, moist places will dry and flames will roar.
Southern California's smog-fighting agency went after emissions of the bovine variety Friday, adopting the nation's first rules to reduce air pollution from dairy cow manure.
The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) recently launched a  Music Manifesto  campaign, with the ostensible intention of educating the next generation of British musicians. Unfortunately, they also teamed up with the music industry (EMI, and various artists) to make this popular. EMI has apparently negotiated their end well, so that children in our schools will now be indoctrinated about the illegality of downloading music.The ignorance and audacity of this got to me a little, so I wrote an open letter to the DfES about it. Unfortunately, it's pedantic, as I suppose you have to be when writing to goverment representatives. But I hope you find it useful, and perhaps feel inspired to do something similar, if or when the same thing has happened in your area.
 Sven Jaschan, self-confessed author of the Netsky and Sasser viruses, is responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a six-month virus roundup published Wednesday by antivirus company Sophos.  The 18-year-old Jaschan was taken into custody in Germany in May by police who said he had admitted programming both the Netsky and Sasser worms, something experts at Microsoft confirmed. (A Microsoft antivirus reward program led to the teenager's arrest.) During the five months preceding Jaschan's capture, there were at least 25 variants of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm Sasser.  Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, said it was staggeri   
 FOAF/LOAF  and bloom filters have a lot of interesting properties for social network and whitelist distribution. I think we can go one level higher though and include GPG/OpenPGP key fingerpring distribution in the FOAF file for simple web-of-trust based key distribution. What if we used FOAF and included the PGP key fingerprint(s) for identities? This could mean a lot.  You include the PGP key fingerprints within the FOAF file of your direct friends and then include a bloom filter of the PGP key fingerprints of your entire whitelist (the source FOAF file would of course need to be encrypted ). Your whitelist would be populated from the social network as your client discovered new identit   
Wiltshire Police warns about  phishing  after its fraud squad chief was targeted.
In its first two years, the UK's dedicated card fraud unit, has recovered 36,000 stolen cards and 171 arrests - and estimates it saved 65m.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group of technology companies  including Texas Instruments Inc.  TXN.N&gt;, STMicroelectronics   STM.PA&gt; and Broadcom Corp.  BRCM , on Thursday said they  will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times  the speed of the current generation.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. AAPL  on  Tuesday began shipping a new program designed to let users  create real-time motion graphics and unveiled a discount  video-editing software bundle featuring its flagship Final Cut  Pro software.
 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Free Record Shop, a Dutch music  retail chain, beat Apple Computer Inc. to market on Tuesday  with the launch of a new download service in Europe's latest  battleground for digital song services.
A giant 100km colony of ants  which has been discovered in Melbourne, Australia, could threaten local insect species.
Dolphin groups, or  pods , rely on socialites to keep them from collapsing, scientists claim.
Tyrannosaurus rex achieved its massive size due to an enormous growth spurt during its adolescent years.
Jet Propulsion Lab -- Scientists have discovered irregular lumps beneath the icy surface of Jupiter's largest moon, Ganymede. These irregular masses may be rock formations, supported by Ganymede's icy shell for billions of years 
European Space Agency -- ESAs Mars Express has relayed pictures from one of NASA's Mars rovers for the first time, as part of a set of interplanetary networking demonstrations.     The demonstrations pave the way for future Mars missions to draw on joint interplanetary networking capabilities 
When did life begin? One evidential clue stems from the fossil records in Western Australia, although whether these layered sediments are biological or chemical has spawned a spirited debate. Oxford researcher, Nicola McLoughlin, describes some of the issues in contention.
update Earnings per share rise compared with a year ago, but company misses analysts' expectations by a long shot.
By the end of the year, the computing giant plans to have its biggest headcount since 1991.
Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
New technology applies electrical fuses to help identify and repair faults.
Google has billed its IPO as a way for everyday people to get in on the process, denying Wall Street the usual stranglehold it's had on IPOs. Public bidding, a minimum of just five shares, an open process with 28 underwriters - all this pointed to a new level of public participation. But this isn't the case.
By MICHAEL LIEDTKE     SAN FRANCISCO   -- With its low prices and iconoclastic attitude, discount stock broker Charles Schwab Corp. (SCH) represented an annoying stone in Wall Street's wing-tipped shoes for decades 
Industry cyber security standards fail to reach some of the most vulnerable components of the power grid. 
Michael Phelps won the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and set a world record in a time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.
FOXBOROUGH -- Looking at his ridiculously developed upper body, with huge biceps and hardly an ounce of fat, it's easy to see why Ty Law, arguably the best cornerback in football, chooses physical play over finesse. That's not to imply that he's lacking a finesse component, because he can shut down his side of the field much as Deion Sanders  
With the weeks dwindling until Jason Varitek enters free agency, the Red Sox continue to carefully monitor Kelly Shoppach , their catcher of the future, in his climb toward the majors. The Sox like most of what they have seen at Triple A Pawtucket from Shoppach, though it remains highly uncertain whether he can make the adjustments at the plate  
Just imagine what David Ortiz could do on a good night's rest. Ortiz spent the night before last with his baby boy, D'Angelo, who is barely 1 month old. He had planned on attending the Red Sox' Family Day at Fenway Park yesterday morning, but he had to sleep in. After all, Ortiz had a son at home, and he  
In  helping themselves,  Ricky Bryant, Chas Gessner, Michael Jennings, and David Patten did nothing Friday night to make Bill Belichick's decision on what to do with his receivers any easier.
The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead by beating the Minnesota Twins, 7-1, Saturday night with home runs by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez.
Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The sister of a man who died after a violent confrontation with police has demanded the city's chief constable resign for defending the officer involved.
  The man who claims Gov. James E. McGreevey sexually harassed him was pushing for a cash settlement of up to   36;50 million before the governor decided to announce that he was gay and had an extramarital affair, sources told The Associated Press.
NAJAF, Iraq - Explosions and gunfire rattled through the city of Najaf as U.S. troops in armored vehicles and tanks rolled back into the streets here Sunday, a day after the collapse of talks - and with them a temporary cease-fire - intended to end the fighting in this holy city 
LOURDES, France - A frail Pope John Paul II, breathing heavily and gasping at times, celebrated an open-air Mass on Sunday for several hundred thousand pilgrims, many in wheelchairs, at a shrine to the Virgin Mary that is associated with miraculous cures.    At one point he said  help me  in Polish while struggling through his homily in French 
Supporters and rivals warn of possible fraud; government says Chavez's defeat could produce turmoil in world oil market.
A 1994 law strengthened job protections for National Guard and Reserve troops called to active duty. Here are major provisions of the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA).
TEHRAN (Reuters) - A senior Iranian military official said  Sunday Israel and the United States would not dare attack Iran  since it could strike back anywhere in Israel with its latest  missiles, news agencies reported.
KABUL, Afghanistan - Government troops intervened in Afghanistan's latest outbreak of deadly fighting between warlords, flying from the capital to the far west on U.S. and NATO airplanes to retake an air base contested in the violence, officials said Sunday 
Randy Johnson took a four-hitter into the ninth inning to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game losing streak Sunday, beating Steve Trachsel and the New York Mets 2-0.
Reuters - Apparel retailers are hoping their back-to-school fashions will make the grade among style-conscious teens and young adults this fall, but it could be a tough sell, with students and parents keeping a tighter hold on their wallets.
If Hurricane Charley had struck three years ago, President Bush's tour through the wreckage of this coastal city would have been just the sort of post-disaster visit that other presidents have made to the scenes of storms, earthquakes, floods and fires.
FT.com - Shares in Sohu.com, a leading US-listed Chinese internet portal, fell more than 10 per cent on Friday after China's biggest mobile phone network operator imposed a one-year suspension on its multimedia messaging services because of customers being sent spam.
Darin Erstad doubled in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, lifting the Anaheim Angels to a 3-2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Sunday. The win pulled Anaheim within a percentage point of Boston and Texas in the AL wild-card race.
Outfielder J.D. Drew missed the Atlanta Braves' game against the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night with a sore right quadriceps.
CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans voted in huge  numbers on Sunday in a historic referendum on whether to recall  left-wing President Hugo Chavez and electoral authorities  prolonged voting well into the night.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Dell Inc.  DELL , the world's  largest PC maker, said on Monday it has left the low-end  consumer PC market in China and cut its overall growth target  for the country this year due to stiff competition in the  segment.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing on Monday accused a  Chinese-American arrested for spying for Taiwan of building an  espionage network in the United States, and said he could go on  trial very soon.
Another major, another disappointment for Tiger Woods, the No. 1 ranked player in the world who has not won a major championship since his triumph at the 2002 U.S. Open.
A squadron of US Air Force F-15E fighters based in Alaska will fly to South Korea next month for temporary deployment aimed at enhancing US firepower on the Korean peninsula, US authorities said.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in  8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game  losing streak with a 2-0 win over the host New York Mets in the  National League Sunday.
A curfew in the capital of the Maldives was eased but parliament sessions were put off indefinitely and emergency rule continued following last week's riots, officials and residents said.
TheDeal.com - The U.K. mobile giant wants to find a way to disentagle the Czech wireless and fixed-line businesses.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar dipped to a four-week low  against the euro on Monday before rising slightly on  profit-taking, but steep oil prices and weak U.S. data  continued to fan worries about the health of the world's  largest economy.
As Michael Kaleko kept running into people who were getting older and having more vision problems, he realized he could do something about it.
  India's Tata Iron and Steel Company Ltd. took a strategic step to expand its Asian footprint with the announcement it will buy the Asia-Pacific steel operations of Singapore's NatSteel Ltd.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Delegates at Iraq's National Conference called on radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to abandon his uprising against U.S. and Iraqi troops and pull his fighters out of a holy shrine in Najaf 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on  Monday, though traders characterized the move as profit-taking  rather than any fundamental change in sentiment.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains against the  euro on Monday after a report on flows into U.S. assets showed  enough of a rise in foreign investments to offset the current  account gap for the month.
 MILWAUKEE (Sports Network) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal  Sutton finalized his team on Monday when he announced the  selections of Jay Haas and Stewart Cink as his captain's picks.
Jay Haas joined Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks for a U.S. team that will try to regain the cup from Europe next month.
  American Natalie Coughlin won Olympic gold in the 100-meter backstroke Monday night. Coughlin, the only woman ever to swim under 1 minute in the event, finished first in 1 minute, 0.37 seconds. Kirsty Coventry of Zimbabwe, who swims at Auburn University in Alabama, earned the silver in 1:00.50. Laure Manaudou of France took bronze in 1:00.88.
NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has revamped its sales-side CRM applications in version 11i.10 of its sales, marketing, partner relationship management and e-commerce application.
  The United Nations launched an appeal here for 210 million dollars to help flood victims facing  grave  food shortages after two-thirds of Bangladesh was submerged, destroying crops and killing more than 700 people.
Government in South Indian state of Kerala sets up wireless kiosks as part of initiative to bridge digital divide.
PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to help victims of Hurricane Charley and deliver water and other supplies to thousands of people left homeless 
SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Fans of Michael Jackson erupted in cheers Monday as the pop star emerged from a double-decker tour bus and went into court for a showdown with the prosecutor who has pursued him for years on child molestation charges 
  The Charlotte Bobcats traded center Predrag Drobnjak to the Atlanta Hawks on Monday for a second round pick in the 2005 NBA draft.
Canadian Press - LANGLEY, B.C. (CP) - Police have arrested a man in the kidnapping and sexual assault of an 11-year-old girl that frightened this suburban Vancouver community last week.
Red Flag Software Co., the company behind China's leading Linux client distribution, plans to focus more on its server operating system and enterprise customers, the company's acting president said.
AOL Properties Sign Girafa For Thumbnail Search Images Girafa.com Inc. announced today that the CompuServe, Netscape, AIM and ICQ properties of America Online, Inc., have signed an agreement with Girafa to use Girafa's thumbnail search images as an integrated part of their search results. Using Girafa's thumbnail search service, search users can  
  NASA's Cassini spacecraft has spied two new little moons around satellite-rich Saturn, the space agency said Monday.
An industrial city northwest of Moscow struggles as AIDS hits a broader population.
  A Nobel laureate in medicine said Monday the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research effectively have stopped the clock on American scientists' efforts to develop treatments for a host of chronic, debilitating diseases.
  Prosecutors suffered another setback Monday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, losing a last-ditch attempt to keep the NBA star's lawyers from telling jurors about the alleged victim's sex life.
Reuters - China has said no date has been set for working-level talks on the North Korean nuclear crisis and gave no indication that the meeting has been canceled, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said on Tuesday.
The Redskins expect huge things from 300-pound Cornelius Griffin, who was signed to aid the team's weakest unit - the defensive line.
  The last surviving American defector to communist North Korea wants to tell his story to put a human face on the Stalinist state which he believes is unfairly vilified abroad, British film-makers said.
Richard Faulds and Stephen Parry are going for gold for Great Britain on day four in Athens.
Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry has a commanding lead over President Bush in California of 54 percent to 38 percent among likely voters, a poll released on Tuesday found.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - At the beach volleyball, the 2004  Olympics is a sell-out, foot-stomping success.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady near this week's  four-week low against the euro on Tuesday with investors  awaiting a German investor confidence survey and U.S. consumer  inflation numbers to shed light on the direction.
SAN FRANCISCO -- In the latest of a series of product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year end, putting off a showdown with Texas Instruments Inc. in the fast-growing market for high-definition television displays.
CARACAS -- Venezuelans voted resoundingly to keep firebrand populist Hugo Chavez as their president in a victory that drew noisy reactions yesterday from both sides in the streets. International observers certified the results as clean and accurate.
  Hong Kong democrats accused China of jailing one of their members on trumped-up prostitution charges in a bid to disgrace a political movement Beijing has been feuding with for seven years.
  Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged 17 percent Monday after the discount retailer reported a profit for the second quarter and said chairman and majority owner Edward Lampert is now free to invest the company's   36;2.6 billion in surplus cash.
  Former chess champion Bobby Fischer's announcement thathe is engaged to a Japanese woman could win him sympathy among Japanese officials and help him avoid deportation to the United States, his fiancee and one of his supporters said Tuesday.
ATHENS, Greece - Top American sprinters Jason Lezak and Ian Crocker missed the cut in the Olympic 100-meter freestyle preliminaries Tuesday, a stunning blow for a country that had always done well in the event.    Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands and Australian Ian Thorpe advanced to the evening semifinal a day after dueling teenager Michael Phelps in the 200 freestyle, won by Thorpe 
A proposal backed by a coalition of telephone carriers would cut billions of dollars in fees owed by long-distance companies to regional phone giants but would allow the regional companies to make up some of the difference by raising monthly phone bills for millions of consumers.  FONT face  verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica  size  -2   color   666666 &gt; B&gt;-The Washington Post /B&gt; /FONT&gt;
 KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has brokered a  cease-fire between a renegade Afghan militia leader and the  embattled governor of the western province of Herat,  Washington's envoy to Kabul said Tuesday.
Keep an eye on your credit card issuers -- they may be about to raise your rates.
In another product postponement, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said it won't be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of 2004 as it had announced earlier this year.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Money managers are growing more pessimistic about the economy, corporate profits and US stock market returns, according to a monthly survey by Merrill Lynch released Tuesday. 
Olympic champion Kostas Kederis today left hospital ahead of his date with IOC inquisitors claiming his innocence and vowing:  After the crucifixion comes the resurrection.   
NEWCASTLE, England   - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said Tuesday he isn  39;t under any extra pressure in the aftermath of a scandal that damaged the Football Association   reputation. 
NEWCASTLE, England   - Striker Emile Heskey has pulled out of the England squad ahead of Wednesday   friendly against Ukraine because of a tight hamstring, the Football Association said Tuesday. 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Staples Inc.  A HREF  http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker SPLS.O target /stocks/quickinfo/fullquote &gt;SPLS.O /A&gt;, the top U.S.  office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 39 percent jump  in quarterly profit, raised its full-year forecast and said it  plans to enter the fast-growing Chinese market, sending its  shares higher.
AGHDAD, Iraq, Aug. 17  A delegation of Iraqis was delayed for security reasons today but still intended to visit Najaf to try to convince a rebellious Shiite cleric and his militia to evacuate a shrine in the holy city and end  
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy  costs reversed, the government said in a report that suggested  a slow rate of interest rate hikes is likely.
An Indian army major shot his way to his country   first ever individual Olympic silver medal on Tuesday, while in the same event an member of Dubai   ruling family became the first ever medallist from the United Arab Emirates. 
Rising fuel prices, a bugbear for most of the retail sector, are helping Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that reported a surge in second-quarter earnings Tuesday and guided the rest of the year higher. 
BEIJING, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- China is carrying out a nationwide campaign to crack down on  phone sex  services, paralleling another sweeping operation against Internet pornography, Minister of Information Industry Wang Xudong said here Tuesday. 
Charly Travers offers advice on withstanding the volatility of the biotech sector.
Just what Alexander Downer was thinking when he declared on radio last Friday that  they could fire a missile from North Korea to Sydney  is unclear. The provocative remark, just days before his arrival yesterday on his second visit to the North Korean  
 ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was dismissed on Tuesday, a source told  Reuters.
NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term.    With gasoline prices falling to eight-month lows, the Consumer Price Index registered a small drop in July, giving consumers a respite from soaring energy prices 
Ilias Iliadis of Greece thrilled the home crowd Tuesday, beating Roman Gontyuk of Ukraine to win the gold medal in the 81-kilogram class. 
  Sudan will take the lead in restoring order to its rebellious Darfur region but needs the support of African peacekeepers and humanitarian aid, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said.
The battle over home entertainment networking is heating up as a coalition proposes yet another standard for the IEEE   consideration. 
Web giant Yahoo! is gambling that price cuts on its domain name registration and Web hosting products will make it more competitive with discounters in the space -- which means that small businesses looking to move online get a sweeter deal through  
IBM said Tuesday it has acquired a pair of Danish IT services firms as part of its effort to broaden its presence in Scandinavia. As a result of the moves, IBM will add about 3,700 IT staffers to its global head count. Financial terms of  
Motorola plans to sell mobile phone network equipment that uses Linux-based code, a step forward in network gear makers  39; efforts to rally around a standard. 
Microsoft will delay the release of its SP2 update for another week to fix software glitches. But not everyone is quite so eager to install the SP2 update for Windows XP. In fact, many companies have demanded the ability to prevent their  
Reuters - Two new moons were spotted around Saturn by the Cassini space probe, raising the total to 33 moons for the ringed planet, NASA said on Monday.
There are remarkable similarities between the 2004 Ohio State Buckeyes and those that won the national championship just two years ago. 
The new IBM Power5 eServer i5 550 also features higher performance and new virtualization capabilities that allow it to run multiple operating systems at once on separate partitions.
Newsday  146;s Stephen Williams reports on seeing Sony  146;s NW-HD1 audio player in a store:   147;  145;How  146;s it compare to the iPod?  146; I asked a salesman.   145;Battery life is a lot longer, up to 30 hours,  146; he said.   145;The LCD readout is kind of dim,  146; I said.    146;Battery life is a lot longer,  146; he said.   145;I understand it can  146;t play MP3 files,  146; I said.   145;Battery life is a lot longer,  146; he said.  148; Aug 17
Mills Corp. agreed to purchase a 50 percent interest in nine malls owned by General Motors Asset Management Corp. for just over   1 billion, creating a new joint venture between the groups. The deal will extend  
ATHENS -- The mistakes were so minor. Carly Patterson   foot scraping the lower of the uneven bars. Courtney Kupets  39; tumbling pass that ended here instead of there. Mohini Bhardwaj   slight stumble on the beam. 
The price of oil has continued its sharp rise overnight, closing at a record high. The main contract in New York, light sweet crude for delivery next month, has closed at a record   US46.75 a barrel - up 70 cents on yesterday   close. 
 It hurt like hell. I could see (Thorpe) coming up. But when I was breathing, I saw my team going crazy -- and that really kept me going.   
It wasn  39;t the first to go small, and it won  39;t be the biggest producer, but AMD   (Quote, Chart) 64-bit 90-nanometer (nm) chips are expected to make waves in the semiconductor pool. 
LONDON, AUGUST 17: Britain charged eight terror suspects on Tuesday with conspiracy to commit murder and said one had plans that could be used in striking US buildings that were the focus of security scares this month. 
NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has -- again -- sought to have the pending legal claims by The SCO Group dismissed. According to a motion it filed in a U.S. district court, IBM argues that SCO has no evidence to support its claims that it appropriated confidential source code from Unix System V and placed it in Linux.
NEW YORK - The newly released traffic crash fatality data have something for everyone in the debate about the safety of sport utility vehicles. 
A CANADIAN husband   love for his wife has led to a tightening of security at all Olympic venues in Athens. 
Now that everybody in and around USA Basketball has breathed a huge sigh of relief, let   not get carried away. 
-- The United States men   basketball team capped off a big day for the USA by fighting off Greece for a vital win, 77-71.  They played with heart,  said Coach Larry Brown.  That   all you can ask.   
BAGHDAD, Iraq - A national political conference   bid to end the fighting in the Shiite Muslim holy city of Najaf appeared to have failed Tuesday. 
TBILISI, Georgia  Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili appealed to world leaders Tuesday to convene an international conference on the conflict in breakaway South Ossetia, where daily exchanges of gunfire threaten to spark  
  Georgian and South Ossetian forces overnight accused each other of trying to storm the other side's positions in Georgia's breakaway region of South Ossetia, as four Georgian soldiers were reported to be wounded.
BOSTON -- It was another busy day on the medical front for the Red Sox, as a series of roster moves were announced prior to Tuesday night   game against the Blue Jays. 
  John Kerry, Bob Kerrey. It's easy to get confused.
  William H. Harlan, the retired University of Florida swimming coach who led the Gators to eight conference titles, died Tuesday, school officials said. He was 83.
THENS, Aug. 17 - So Michael Phelps is not going to match the seven gold medals won by Mark Spitz. And it is too early to tell if he will match Aleksandr Dityatin, the Soviet gymnast who won eight total medals in 1980. But those were not the  
Three-year-old Victoria, from St Petersburg, has been living at the Schrders  39; family home in Hanover in northern Germany for several weeks. 
  Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.
Sheik Ahmed bin Hashr Al-Maktoum earned the first-ever Olympic medal for the United Arab Emirates when he took home the gold medal in men   double trap shooting on Tuesday in Athens. 
Israel announced plans for 1,000 houses in the West Bank yesterday, accelerating the expansion of the settlements. 
At least one member of the top-ranked Southern California football team is under investigation for sexual assault, the Los Angeles Police Department said Tuesday.
President Bush, in Pennsylvania, said that opponents of a missile defense system were putting the nation's security at risk.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China breathed a measured sigh of relief after the skills of its basketball giant Yao Ming dwarfed New Zealand to sweep his team nearer to their goal of reaching the Athens Olympics semi-finals. 
A leaked Israeli plan to build 1,000 new Jewish settler homes in the West Bank yesterday sent Bush administration officials scrambling for a response in the sensitive period before November   presidential election. 
LONDON - British police charged eight terrorist suspects yesterday with conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives to cause  fear or injury.   
Islamic group   armed wing, the Izz el-Deen al-Qassam Brigades. Doctors said he suffered leg wounds. 
ENVER, Aug. 17 - Victor Zambrano came to the Mets with radical movement on his pitches, fixable flaws in his delivery and a curious sore spot lingering around his right elbow. 
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar moved in tight ranges on  Wednesday as most investors shrugged off lower-than-expected  U.S. inflation data and stuck to the view the U.S. Federal  Reserve would continue raising rates.
Right-hander Matt Morris threw seven solid innings, but the Cardinals needed a bases-loaded walk to second baseman Tony Womack and a grand slam from new right fielder Larry Walker to key a six-run eighth inning for a  
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have arrived at an Athens hotel for an International Olympic Committee (IOC) hearing into their missed doped tests, a saga that has shamed and angered the Olympic host  
BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting games this season against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez. 
Renewed clashes in South Ossetia, which resulted in death of two Georgian soldiers, erupted late on August 17, several hours after the South Ossetian and Georgian officials agreed on ceasefire. As a result Tbilisi has already announced that it will not  
Paul Hamm takes another shot at history tonight, when he'll try to become the first American to win the Olympic men's all-around in gymnastics.
Reuters - Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai promised Afghans greater security when they go to vote in the country's first ever democratic election during an independence day speech on Wednesday.
SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering isn't as popular as expected, the company lowered its estimated price range to between   85 and   95 per share, down from the earlier prediction of   108 and   135 per share 
Students at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine learn that diet and culture shape health in East Harlem.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high of   47 a  barrel on Wednesday after a new threat by rebel militia against  Iraqi oil facilities and as the United States said inflation  had stayed in check despite rising energy costs.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece   two top athletes have pulled out of the Athens Olympics and apologised to the Greek people for a scandal over missed dope tests that has tarnished the Games  39; return to their birthplace. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Michael Phelps targeted his  fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, turning his attention on  Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for  the second-fastest overall time in the heats.
 GAZA (Reuters) - A senior Hamas leader survived an Israeli  assassination attempt in the Gaza Strip Wednesday but at least  five other Palestinians were killed in the explosion that tore  through his home.
