A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.

IMF chief backs Athens as permanent Olympic host

The president of France says if Brexit won, so can Donald Trump

British Man Who Must Give Police 24 Hours' Notice of Sex Threatens Hunger Strike: The man is the subject of a sexual risk order despite having never been convicted of a crime.

100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs

Brazil: Huge spike in number of police killings in Rio ahead of Olympics

Austria's highest court annuls presidential election narrowly lost by right-wing candidate.

Facebook wins privacy case, can track any Belgian it wants: Doesn't matter if Internet users are logged into Facebook or not

Switzerland denies Muslim girls citizenship after they refuse to swim with boys at school: The 12- and 14-year-old will no longer be considered for naturalised citizenship because they have not complied with the school curriculum, authorities in Basel said

China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds

France Cracks Down on Factory Farms - A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter.

Abbas PLO Faction Calls Killer of 13-Year-Old American-Israeli Girl a Martyr

Taiwanese warship accidentally fires missile towards China

Iran celebrates American Human Rights Week, mocks U.S. rights record

U.N. panel moves to curb bias against L.G.B.T. people despite fierce resistance from Muslim and African countries.

The United States has placed Myanmar, Uzbekistan, Sudan and Haiti on its list of worst human trafficking offenders.

S&amp;P revises European Union credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+'

India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission

U.S. sailors detained by Iran spoke too much under interrogation: Navy

Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution

Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts | Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime

Spain arrests three Pakistanis accused of promoting militancy

Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and break-ins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports.

A Hindu temple worker has been killed by three men on a motorcycle, local police have said. More than 40 people have been killed in attacks blamed on Islamist militants in Bangladesh since February 2013, including secular bloggers, academics, gay rights activists and members of religious minorities.

Ozone layer hole seems to be healing - US &amp; UK team shows it's shrunk &amp; may slowly recover. "If you had to have an ozone hole anywhere in the world, it'd be Antarctica because its not teeming with life. It showed us if we didnt back off with these chemicals, wed have a crisis."

Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation: The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay

Stephen Hawking says pollution and 'stupidity' still biggest threats to mankind: we have certainly not become less greedy or less stupid in our treatment of the environment over the past decade

Boris Johnson says he will not run for Tory party leadership

Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida

Switzerland denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant girls who refused to swim with boys: report

Palestinian terrorist stabs israeli teen girl to death in her bedroom
